[Bindings] Update bindings docs to include `direction` metadata (#3648)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/bindings/bindings-overview.md

Read the [Use output bindings to interface with external resources guide]({{< ref howto-bindings.md >}}) to get started with output bindings.

## Binding directions (optional)

> You can provide information via the `direction` metadata field to indicate the direction supported by the binding component. With one of the following metadata values, the Dapr sidecar avoids the `"wait for the app to become ready"` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide the `direction` metadata field to indicate the direction(s) supported by the binding component. In doing so, the Dapr sidecar avoids the `"wait for the app to become ready"` state reducing the lifecycle dependency between the Dapr sidecar and the application:
```

- `"input"`
- `"output"`
- `"input, output"`

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> All bindings should include the `direction` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended that all bindings should include the `direction` property.
```
